
# Mystery-Box 📦

Construct a developer environment in one command.

## Usage:

```bash
box up [--config <str>]
box in [--user <user>]
box stop
```

## Description:

`box up` reads configuration from `box.yaml` in the current directory or a provided configuration file.

```yaml
user: user
memory: 3G
disk: 30G
playbook: '/home/user/.ansible/bootstrap.yaml'
key_folder: '/home/user/.ssh'
# -- optional, but you might want this for private git repositories
copy:
  - src: '/home/user/.ssh/id_rsa'
    dest: '/home/user/.ssh/id_rsa'
```

it uses Multipass to provision a VM instance, and Ansible to configure instance software. The instance "bootstraps" itself; it has ansible installed, and the provided playbook configures the machine its on. 

Connections into the machine are managed by an SSH-keypair generated by `box`, and a cross-platform Python-based SSH client. This should allow `box` to work on Mac, Windows, and Linux.

## License

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2021 Róisín Grannell

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

